#### This is a blog post about the consequences of relying on abstraction and the so-called term "ClickOps".
<br />
Let me start this off by saying that I personally think "ClickOps" can be convenient for someone new to the tool/platform that they are learning. However, it should only ever be used as a stepping stone and NOT a final destination. I was lucky in the fact that I understood this when going into AWS and chose not to spend more than warrented time "clicking around".
<br /><br />
The problem arises when you click a button and it does five things behind the scenes to "connect the pieces together". Like I said, when you wanna get a prototype working on a new tool/platform, this is extremely helpful. Wanna replicate what you did in a previous project? Now you gotta go through some GUI and click for a few hours rather than just copy and paste or write something to do that for you. Move this over into a DevOps environment and you're stuck googling what those five pieces from earlier even are and why Terraform is failing to deploy. To anyone new to the cloud, please, while you learn AWS, Azure, GCP, etc, learn IaC at the same time. It'll save you time in the long run.
<br /><br />
To the same people I spoke to before, yes you (if that's you), go watch some videos real quick on Terraform then come back. Look, now imagine the difference between your project being written on some tf files in a github repo alongside a diagram versus you explaining your architecture through voice or text. If you wrote tf files instead, someone could look at your diagram, then go find that piece of the puzzle in your code and make sense of it (maybe even with some documentation aswell). I know this might seem like a hard habit to break, but it's a habit that must be broken and I promise you can do it. Go a little deeper and now all of your architecture is version controlled with automated tests to protect you from your own screw-ups (it happens). 
<br /><br />
Please let me know your thoughts. I'm eager to hear them and if you have any advice for newcomers, I'd love to share. Thanks for reading and take it easy.
